Workflow for Course Design.

We are have at root folder with templates for course design.

Faculty will clone the repository.
Faculty has either github for education account or some pro account of generative ai.
Faculty will use vscode, antigravity or some ide.

Workflow 1.
They will upload their latest/existing course document.
They will ask the genai to create the course document according to 
the given template.

Workflow 2

They will write the course outcomes in the chat interface.
They will ask the genai to create the course document.

Srini/Kavya/Sanjay will create a strategy document for course design.
This will be approved by Directors.

Point:
Should we use N.J. Raos course design document.
PEO, PSO, PO question?

We will finish all the course design documents.
Then we will generate PEOs and PSOs for each program from the curriculum
+ Course Design.
We will fill up the gaps generated by Curriculum review.

Differentiated Learning Question.
a.) Will the school allow design of courses for fast learners.
or
b.) Will there be additional course outcomes for fast learners and the 
differentiation is managed by weights to the outcomes.
or
c.) Outcomes will be same differentiation is managed by course activities.


Assessment design for 1-1-1.

Proposed
All courses will have 50% theory and 50% lab.
Each 50% is divided into 25% CIA and 25%SEE.
All Labs are tests with 
In lab Computer based autograded tests for Theory credit also.
Respective course leads can choose to change the assessment.

Course Design Strategy.

Course Outcomes are written as per N.J. Raos Document by the teachers
Activities are designed using Generative AI and reviewed by course design team.
Description for Activities will be given prof. Sanjay.








